Well, Prostin better.
Naturally produce a furine.
Hmm. Dr. Jud fitty has, has test this, these he's test, these differents, uh,
supplements and looked at, uh, sulfur vein, metabolites, and,
and urine to look at like bioavailability. And so.
What is the one that you like? You pros?
Prostin I like apple Prothane I, I I've taken both.
It's hard to get Prothane in the us. Why is it hard?
Because it's made in it's in France. It's in France. Can you.
Get it on Amazon? No.
What?
<Laugh> that's all Amazon's got me hooked.
No, they got hooked clients, but you can get it. It's.
Just, you gotta find it somewhere. Uh, they have a website maybe. Yeah. Okay.
So Han, okay. That's what I've been taking recently. How much do you take?
Um, I'm taking three pills a day.
I think each pill has 10 milligrams with food. Yes,
definitely with food. Yes. Yes.
<Laugh>. Why is that for absorption or? Um, yeah.
It seems like it can be a little like it, you know,
it seemed, it just sometimes if you're on an empty stomach feels gross.
Doesn't feel good. Yeah. Mm-hmm yeah. Um, I've had a lot of people email me,
you know, since the first time you and I talked about Soro vein,
some of 'em have taken AOL,
some have gotten ahold of Proin some doing broccoli sprouts. I mean,
I've had people talking about like tumor shrinking and stuff of like, whoa,
one guy. Yeah. I mean, it's like all anecdotal, but, um, I've,
I've had multiple, multiple people talking about the prostate, uh,
stimulating antigen going down. Sorry, prostate. Um,
is it stimulating PSA? Mm-hmm <affirmative> my brain's sort of dwindling out,
but, um, going down, I know.
It's a.
Real thing. It really is. It's a real thing. I mean, I kind of,
I feel like I've done really good just from like exercise and mm-hmm,
<affirmative> getting all the fish oil and stuff, but, uh, it's definitely,
there's constantly, it's just all.
You're getting a marathon a day. Totally. <laugh> I've seen it.
It's it's uh, the, I mean, people that don't,
we were talking about this before the podcast, uh,
with Dan mm-hmm <affirmative> people that don't think that it's difficult to be,
uh, just a mom or a stay-at-home mom. You're crazy.
I was so judgemental and I really feel bad. I really do,
because it's the hardest thing like,
like that I've I've ever done is bill has a great job.
If you wanna do a good, oh really? He goes, oh, it's the hardest thing he goes.
Any job you can do with your pajamas on is not the hardest thing. <laugh>.
I really like bill. He's hilarious. He's hilarious. Yeah. He's hilarious.
He's a great guy, but I mean,
if you wanna do a good job and you're thinking about like the enriched
environment and how important I gotta do re I gotta read to them. I gotta,
you know,
all this just mm-hmm <affirmative> and then all the nutrition knocking the
plastic and the, I mean, it's just a lot of work. Like I don't no screen,
you don't wanna have, like,
you don't wanna sit them in front of the television and have 'em watching
cartoons. Right. You know, so which definitely would be easy. Right. Um,
so, and maybe the more kids you have, you're kind of like,
something's gonna give, but, but, uh, it's definitely a very,
very hard, it's a hard job, but very rewarding. So rewarding. Like,
I just can't even believe I ever had a life before my son, you know, with like,
I'm just, my life is like, I get so much joy from him now. And I'm just like,
how did I get all this joy before? It's like, well.
It's crazy. Cause I remember before you had 'em you were like concerned, like,
boy, I wonder where my time's gonna go.
If I'm still gonna be able to do research. It's like, we'll, see's.
Hard. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. And I,
thankfully I have my mother who helps out a lot and that gives me some time,
but I'm like essentially doing both, you know, do.
You feel the switch is going off in your brain,
your brain switches over cuz you're you essentially, there's some,
a biological mechanism that's happening.
That must be fascinating to study on yourself as you're watching it happen.
Cuz you're, you know, the oxytocin gets jacked through the roof.
You have this little thing that you love literally more than anything you've
ever experienced in your entire existing.
You can't believe how much you love them. It's hard to imagine. Like, I,
it's hard for me as a father to imagine what it would be like to be a mother,
because I think there's a big difference. Cause I think there's,
and this is one of the reasons why me and my wife had a deal.
I didn't name any of the kids. I just had veto power. It's like,
you can't call the kid like can turn up or some stupid.
<laugh> you know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, it's just nothing nutty,
but you it's in your body. I mean, you're cooking it manufactured it.
I know inside of you, the,
the difference between the job a man does and a woman does in,
in terms of like the actual making of the babe be could not be
further apart from each other.
The guy just does something that feels great and it's done.
And then the woman goes through this insane hormonal process,
her body morphs, she gains 50, 60 plus pounds.
Her body stretches out. She's got a baby inside of her. It's kicking her.
She's uncomfortable. She can't move she's swelling.
Then she has to go through excruciating pain.
There was a video on dig from yesterday.
See if you can find it where they have a labor, um,
recreating like pain device, no way that,
that they put men under.
And they ha they have these macho men that they have this,
this machine that they, they do something. They have these, uh, sense.
These put it up. We'll figure it out. How, how the they did it.
But it somehow or another reenacts,
the pain of labor and lets a man experience what it's like to get your vagina
blown apart.
That's crazy. Know it is. You just totally explain.
I mean the whole pregnancy and then like the delivery. I mean, it's just like.
And then it's like a part of you is walking around. Right.
And whereas for the man it's like, yeah, that's my kid. Wow.
And you get all this oxytocin rush, but I,
I don't even think it's a fraction of what the.
Women's and breasts and breastfeeding, you know,
that whole like nursing that's like huge oxytocin is huge. Huge. Yeah.
And um, and then of course there's like the no sleep for like months mm-hmm
<affirmative> for me, like I, um, my son, like he's, he's seen a bottle, like,
I don't know, six or seven times, like I just always been on the nipple. Yeah.
Yeah. And do you pump, um, so because I was always there,
I I've only had a pump a few times. The thing about.
Pumping that seems to be really good though,
is that the kids can get more of it.
It's like it's depending on how never had an.
Issue, an issue.
I was actually an over producer and I had an issue of too much where yeah.
It's like, he's like slow down mom. <affirmative> yeah. So I was.
Looking for that and I stumbled across this.
Have you Pade syndrome heard of that?
A sympathetic pregnancy is a proposed condition,
which a partner experiences some symptoms and be that's just a man.
These include minor weight, gain, altered hormone levels,
morning nausea and disturbed sleep patterns. Like I said, that's just a. I, the.
Disturbed sleep patterns come after the baby's born. Let me tell you <laugh>.
That's silly, but I, I know you're talking about yeah. Some guys say that again.
Again. We too, when I was pregnant that's cuz you're lazy.
<laugh> that's cuz you're lazy and you ate more food.
You SL that has nothing to do with a baby being in your body. Shut your mouth.
That's that's embarrassing so much. I'm pregnant too. No, you're not.
I hate when men say we're pregnant. Yeah. We're pregnant. No, we're not.
No we're not pregnant. Mike. <laugh> you're not pregnant. Mike.
She's pregnant. You got her pregnant. You. What does this say here?
Labor pain simulator here. Here it is. Look at these guys. I got her.
Get me some volume.
Well that's different. Look at me.
Talk to me right now.
You're almost getting to like the active stage of labor where it's really.
Getting good. This is just the beginning. It ramps up.
Starting to come down. Now you guys are doing awesome.
These guys to be, are you down?
I mean.
It really does feel, you know, what's next.
What's next is these gals put a strap on, on they peg these dudes.
They just that's next. They just have sensors on their stomach. It looks like,
right? Yeah. It's like, uh, you know,
one of them like those electromuscular stimulation devices and they just
Jack 'em through the roof. Dirt. They could have put one in their drawing,
right? Yeah.
Well they put 'em in their abdomen just getting torn apart,
but it's not even as sensitive as your vagina. So it's ridiculous.
Plus you're probably not making like these and oxytocin.
Yeah. It's nothing. And he's getting up on his hands and knees like, come on,
stop. Yeah.
They're just basically torturing these men to make them feel bad for not being a
woman. <laugh>.
Yeah, it's definitely, um, painful process.
That whole delivery thing is definitely painful.
But it is pretty crazy. It's it's definitely crazy.
It's really crazy that people make people in their bodies. <laugh> you know,
like I was talking to my daughter this morning,
she was getting ready for school. And uh, we're sitting at the kid,
the breakfast table and I'm just looking at her. And while she's talking,
all I'm thinking of is you didn't used to exist.
And now here you are talking to me about school,
talking to me about this and that and all the different things you're doing.
And it is so odd that you are a combination of
my DNA and my wife's DNA. And here you are to sitting here eating breakfast,
just talking.